being a tremendously complex structure where there are millions of neurons
are interconnected with each other
and many times during development
the connections are not all in some groups of neurons everything
to solve a problem
if that neuron
who has a connection not quite ideal to solve a problem is going
dying with aging it is possible that those that remain
now form circuits that are capable of solving some questions
any
difficult that during the youth we were not able to solve
but with the years
Neurons are not only lost
until recently it was thought that we did not do with a defined number of
neurons that we were losing with age
this pillar of neuroscience and has fallen
we currently know that there are stem cells while the euro that are capable
to proliferate and are able to give some types of neurons thought
besides that in the brain there were two populations of cells
the neurons and the cells of the glia
specialized only in supporting neurons
in the whole villa area
there is a city that are called star-conserved astrocytes
view ensures that the city was seen and they were able to transform and
differentiate towards neurons say would be stem cells
the team of doctor García Executioner demonstrated for the first time
existence of stem cells in the adult human brain
we currently know what
the stem cells are transformed
new neurons that are single migrants that have to migrate to their destination
final
that final destination naturally so he did not doubt pozzato york and also a
area that is called 'phase sale of the hippocampus these a very important area
because it is where it is
decentralized
all memory and learning
sometimes it is that these new neurons are important for
he had them that we learn the day to day
this is
where are we going to study the case
barcelona the future
is not easy
and this is the united
kelly
many times this year
it adds
Didier Covered
for the sector
in fact this is an act of flagging
also being replaced
the discovery of stem cells in the brain
open the possibility that one day we will learn to dialogue with this
cedula and can recover
the area will harm job losses in the brain either by aging or by
traumatism
we are currently in a moment that precedes the ear to say we are in a
moment
enke we already know which is the stem cell you know where is the headquarter
this loan
we only know some and wash some chemical factors
we still lack a lot of power
i several of those and lamas form words
and reach a dialogue with the cell
let's not forget that the city are able to dialogue with each other because they are
able to form
bush a structure as complex as our brain
We do not know
e the time that we will take to be able to dialogue with these stem cells and
tell them they have to do where they have to go and what they have to do
but it is the challenge of the scientists